Then I can make your life worse than death
Not even a jerk
If you open your mouth, you will make life worse than death.
Looks like you haven't made any progress over the years
Just treat it as bullying others, right?
How dare you hit me! Wait!
Also pretend
I never heard from my sister about her recovery
Liu Shenyi said at the beginning
There was no prospect of recovery.
How dare you impersonate
Mingyan is exposed
Even the magic doctor said it couldn't be cured
But you cured the plant
You mean to say
Is the Holy Hand of National Medicine even more superb?
It's a matter of hitting 9 in any field
I'm better than him, so why not laugh?
The Sacred Hand of Chinese Medicine is even the two great families of the Imperial Capital Magic City
Be treated with courtesy
How dare you say that you are better than Liu Shenyi
You are courting death
Coincidentally, Liu Shenyin will just be the owner of Linjiang today
Will visit an adult in three days
If this gets out, someone looks down on him
Even if he doesn't move
His patients are all business aristocrats
Anyone can easily crush
King of the Well
A holy head you know
In true heritage
It's just a shabby ugly
Maybe he has some power in the world
But not worth mentioning in front of me
You can't say that.
Voiceless contacts are all over buildings at home and abroad
Stepmother, his patients are all over the place
Not even the head of state can answer a phone call
What's the matter, now I know I'm afraid